c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\bin\Debug\SudokuPuzzle.exe.config
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\bin\Debug\SudokuPuzzle.exe
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\bin\Debug\SudokuPuzzle.pdb
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\SudokuPuzzle.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\SudokuPuzzle_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\SudokuPuzzle.g.resources
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\SudokuPuzzle.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\SudokuPuzzle.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\SudokuPuzzle.exe
c:\users\tlmarin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\SudokuPuzzle.pdb
C:\Users\tlmarin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\View\MainSudoku.baml
C:\Users\tlmarin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\View\MainSudoku.g.cs
C:\Users\tlmarin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\SudokuPuzzle_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\tlmarin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.dll
C:\Users\tlmarin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\tlmarin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\tlmarin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.xml
C:\Users\tlmarin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\tlmarin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\tlmarin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\tlmarin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\tlmarin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\tlmarin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\bin\Debug\System.Data.dll
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\bin\Debug\SudokuPuzzle.exe.config
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\SudokuPuzzle.exe
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\SudokuPuzzle.pdb
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\bin\Debug\SudokuPuzzle.exe
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\bin\Debug\SudokuPuzzle.pdb
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\bin\Debug\System.Data.dll
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.xml
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\SudokuPuzzle.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\View\MainSudoku.g.cs
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\SudokuPuzzle_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\SudokuPuzzle_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\View\MainSudoku.baml
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\SudokuPuzzle.g.resources
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\SudokuPuzzle.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\SudokuPuzzle.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\View\SeedListWindow.baml
C:\Users\Tommy\Desktop\SudokuPuzzle\SudokuPuzzle\obj\Debug\View\SeedListWindow.g.cs
